Hey, good morning family.
I'm excited to be with you all again today.
First off, I want to say thank you for all the likes, all the shares, and all the kind comments down below.
You all have been a real blessing to us.
If you could right now, please subscribe to our channel and click that notification bell.
It really helps us with the algorithm, and we really appreciate all your support.
We just want to say thank you and God bless you all so much.
Now, I have a word for you today from what the Lord has showed me.
This was several days ago.
Right after I had the Sid Roth interview, I was praying that night and the Lord gave me an open-eyed vision.
This vision lasted longer than any vision that I've ever had, and each scene lasted for what seemed like a long time for my flesh.
So I'm going to tell you what I saw at this time.
I was caught up; I was interceding, like I always do at night.
I was interceding for America, for Israel, and for the war and all that was going on.
But I knew in my spirit there's something going on with our economy.
The Lord was warning me about another financial crash coming, and so I was just praying over this.
It was very intense intercessory prayer, praying for the economy and the collapse of the dollar.
All of a sudden, I'm caught up in the Spirit, and I see in a vision New York City.
The Lord shows me New York City, and I see Times Square.
But I'm noticing when I'm in the vision that there's no people around.
It's complete; all the lights are on, everything is really bright.
I can see the marquee signs everywhere, but I'm noticing a couple of snowflakes falling down in Times Square.
It wasn't a heavy snow; it was just a little bit of snow.
I looked around me, and there were no people around; there were just a couple of people—not a lot of people.
So I was expecting—I don't know if this was late at night or if this was just a time that there were no people out for some reason.
All of a sudden, I could see from the east a gypsy cart.
There were no horses pulling this cart.
It had vibrant colors on it—it was red, but there were these tassels coming down in the doorframe of this cart, like a tapestry dangling down.
The cart was out of control.
It was moving at a very rapid pace, coming down the main street of Times Square, and it was rocking back and forth as it was out of control, kind of like an old horse buggy carriage whenever it's out of control.
I could see the wheels touching and going back and forth as it was moving closer to me as I was standing in Times Square in this vision.
Everything inside of that gypsy cart was falling.
I could see the stuff on the shelves, and I could see the light.
There were those old wick candle lights—those old glass lights that were attached like that, those oil lanterns—and it was moving and swaying back and forth inside of this gypsy cart.
It ended like that with this part of the vision.
Then all of a sudden, I was taken to Miami.
I was standing in Miami with all these big neon lights again, and I see all these lights, but I'm noticing again there's no people moving around.
All of these visions of this time are all on the East Coast.
Oh, and I forgot to tell you this: I see at this time I'm in Times Square again.
I'm sorry to jump around.
I see a massive moon in the sky.
I look up, and my attention is drawn to this massive moon.
I see a little sliver of it, so I know it wasn't a full moon; it was still just coming up over the horizon.
Now I'm going to go back to Miami.
I see the same moon over Miami, but I'm down here in Miami and I see it, and it's up here now instead of right in front of me in New York.
It's in a different position because I'm in a different place in the United States, probably 1,500 miles away.
I'm seeing the same moon is what I'm trying to tell you all.
All of a sudden, like I said, I'm noticing there's no people walking around.
It's completely quiet.
It's night, and nightlife is booming in both cities, so everything is just at a standstill.
All of a sudden, I'm taken up and I'm looking out over the United States.
Then the Lord shoots me up in the sky, and I'm in the throne room.
All of a sudden, the Lord speaks to me in the throne room and He said, 'Brandon, I told you it's time to come up higher.
It's time to come up higher with the fire.
It's time to come up in a higher place with Me prophetically and what I'm trying to show you for these last days.
' He warned me, and so all of a sudden, I could see out over the edge of Heaven, and I could see all these lightning bolts and all this turmoil going down over the Earth.
I was watching and I was trying to look down, and He told me, 'You cannot prophesy from a place of carnality right where this is on the Earth.
When you're looking into the situation and you're on the Earth, you need to come up higher prophetically.
' So I was trying to prophesy, but being at the throne room of God, I could see Jesus.
He had a golden scepter in His hand, and on His head He had a crown, and it was purple and gold with jewels all over; it was beautiful.
He had some kind of fur on the band of this crown, and I could see a cloak around Him.
He was just sitting there ruling and reigning with the Father, and He told me, 'Sit before Me.
Sit; be at peace.
' There was a place of peace, but whenever you are seeing over in the spirit realm and all this is happening, it's happening so fast.
I don't know how long He made me sit there, but He wanted me to be at peace and be still.
Stop with all the drama that you're feeling, because I could feel like a whirlwind inside of all that was going on on the Earth, but He wanted me to just sit there and be still.
After a moment of yielding—He wanted me to yield.
This is what was really happening in the natural for me in this moment because I was so caught up with everything that I was feeling about the economy and what was going on.
I felt such a troubling, and He told me, 'Just be still.
Be still before Me.
Do not with all this drama, with what you're feeling inside,' because He wanted me to come up higher with what I was about to see.
So after you rest and you yield, you raise your hands before Him—that's what it was like in this moment—and I said, 'Father, I just yield to You.
' Instead of being like a toddler squirming whenever you're holding them and they want to go about their business, it was like saying, 'I'm broken; I just yield to You.
I'm not going to sit there and squirm in Your lap anymore.
I'm going to take that time and just worship You.
' I was caught up, and there was so much peace around me at this time, but I had such an urgency to want to pray for what was going on with what I felt.
He said, 'Come up higher.
Come up higher.
' So I got quiet before Him, and whenever I got that quiet and I yielded, all of a sudden, I was taken—boom—and I heard this, and I was able to see.
I was taken back down.
I was in the spirit realm, but I was in a place where I was looking out over the United States as a whole.
He said, 'Oh, I have blessed you.
I have blessed you, O America!
I have blessed you above all nations.
I have put you ahead of all nations.
You have been called by Me, and I have chosen you.
I have put a prosperity on you, but I have weighed you in the balance and you are lacking.
' He kept saying this to me three times: 'I have weighed you in the balance and you are lacking.
' He was quoting Daniel—I'll put it in the description below—'I have weighed you in the balance and I have found you lacking.
' All of a sudden, I'm seeing over America a woman.
She had blonde hair with extensions, fillers in her face, her lips were done up, and her face had Botox in it.
She had massive breasts from having augmentation on her body, a tiny waist, and she had very tight-fitting, revealing clothes on.
The Lord was showing me this woman, and He said, 'She is full of pride.
You are full of pride.
You are full of yourself.
' It was arrogance before Him, and He was calling out the behavior of the woman.
I don't know if the woman represented America like a harlot, but He was calling out her behavior and He said, 'I've weighed you in the balance and you've come up lacking.
' He was speaking to this woman, but it represented America—full of pride, full of arrogance.
He said, 'Oh, I have blessed you, and I have made you greater than any other nations.
' Then all of a sudden, the pride that He was disgusted with was the way the woman was carrying herself.
I saw her face and she was so arrogant, looking in a mirror.
She was vain, looking at herself, thinking she was all that.
She was so proud of the way she looked, but she was so fixated on herself that she wasn't looking at what was going on around her.
All of a sudden, the Lord said, 'I want to show you something.
' I saw a massive gold square that was really thick, and it was a supernatural covering that was over Yellowstone National Park.
He had put a covering over this area, and it was a massive square that went all the way up over those states.
It was a golden square, and He had sewn it all on those states.
I could see a golden thread that was weaved all throughout this golden garment that looked very thick.
It was over those states, over that volcanic area, and He had put a covering of protection and of peace over that.
It was sealed to the earth.
All of a sudden, I saw those ropes—that golden stuff that was tied to the earth—it was released, and there was a gap between the earth and this golden protection.
All of a sudden, I felt a violent volcano go off in that area.
I saw Portland, Oregon, and I saw the Space Needle in Seattle completely destroyed.
I saw the area between Portland, Oregon, and the ocean split off from a massive earthquake, the largest earthquake we've ever felt in this area.
The land from Portland, Oregon, to the ocean broke off into the water.
You could see the ground of this—I believe it's the San Andreas Fault; it lifted the land up higher, and this land was lowered down to sea level.
It was all the way to San Francisco, but San Francisco was not as affected as Portland and Seattle.
The Space Needle was gone, completely decimated, laying on the ground.
All the major high-line structures were completely destroyed.
It looked like something out of a movie, but it was tragic.
I saw the water come inland on this land; it did not bury the land, but it was probably 5 feet deep, 3 feet deep.
You could still see the green grass and the trees sticking out of the water as far as you went inland.
The further you went out, the deeper the water was, but the water came in like it was sea level.
It went for hundreds of miles; all the land that broke off was completely submerged.
When the land moved and shifted, it caused a humongous tidal wave that hit Anchorage, Alaska.
The earthquake hit Alaska too, and British Columbia.
I saw all this land completely destroyed by this massive earthquake, and the land was shifted up and elevated where it had broken off.
The water was all coming inland.
All of Anchorage, Alaska, was on fire like Hawaii.
I saw fire all where Alaska is—all the trees, everything was on fire.
A massive fire had broken out over all this area, and I could see complete devastation from British Columbia all the way up.
At this time, when the land did all this, it caused a massive disturbance in the Pacific Ocean and a massive tsunami wave to hit Japan.
Japan was completely destroyed inland—like Tokyo; that wave came inland and just—it was a massive wall of water coming into Tokyo and Hawaii.
It was a massive amount of water from the force of this land falling into the water, and the water was going inland to these areas all on the Asia coastlines.
I just kept focusing on the string and everything elevating of this volcano erupting in Yellowstone National Park, causing all this seismic activity on the West Coast.
I don't often have visions of earthquakes on the West Coast.
The Lord has shown me a lot about the New Madrid, the East Coast, the storm coming, and about the economic disaster.
But this time, it's the first time I've seen something about the West Coast.
I'm not trying to tell you this out of fear; I'm just trying to tell you what I get when I pray in the Holy Ghost.
Whenever He kept calling out, 'I have weighed you in the balance and I have found you lacking,' it was about pride and stuff about America.
I'm going to pray for you all now.
I have a part two of this about some things the Lord's showing me about the Christmas holiday season, so I'm going to make another video about that.
I think it should be separated because this by itself is a lot.
I'm going to pray for you all, and I'm going to pray for peace.
I thank You, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus, for the Holy Spirit to go into their homes and give them peace.
I thank You, Lord, that we hear Your voice and the stranger's voice we will not follow.
I thank You, Father, that if they are in harm's way—You only know the timing of when this happens—I thank You, Lord, for divine protection over every believer, that they would hear You ahead of time when calamity is coming, that we're never in harm's way.
I thank You, Lord, that we always have a quickening, just like whenever things were going to manifest and take place with Sodom and Gomorrah.
You warned Abraham, and he interceded on behalf of Lot; he interceded for his family and said, 'Let the angels go before and pull them out of this situation so they will not be in this judgment.
' I pray for every single person who is watching this video, that you hear His voice and a stranger's voice you will not follow, and that you will not move out of fear but you would move when the Spirit of God tells you to do something in these end times.
I thank You, Lord, that You would undergird them, and the angels would bear them up in their hands lest they dash their foot against a stone.
I thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
A thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh you in the mighty name of Jesus.
We give You all the glory, honor, and praise concerning this situation and this vision.
We thank You, Lord, that You prepare us for what's coming in the days ahead.
Now we pray for peace over your marriages, healing over your bodies.
We call deliverance from all demonic attack.
We command healing over your bodies from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
All healing and deliverance belongs to you because He paid the price for them.
Galatians says that Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law, and we are healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
We're delivered by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over every single body that's represented here—all cancer, all diabetes, all heart disease, all lung disease, all kidney disease, all anything that's attached to their body satanically, we take authority over it right now in the name of Jesus.
We call healing over their minds, over their stomachs, over their serotonin levels, over their dopamine, over anything that they need.
We call deliverance and healing and wholeness and wellness over them in the name of Jesus.
We speak to PTSD; we call healing over PTSD in the name of Jesus.
We call deliverance from drug addictions right now—opioid addictions, we call you delivered in the name of Jesus.
From all kinds of blood disorders—from AIDS, from hepatitis, from sexually transmitted diseases—we call you healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
We call you delivered from those things.
We call for new kidneys; we call kidney disease healed and whole and well right now in the name of Jesus.
A brand new kidney is coming to you right now.
We call complete restoration of your kidneys, complete restoration of your liver, complete restoration of your thyroid, complete restoration of your pancreas.
All diabetes, type one and type two, we call healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
We call marriages restored, hearts to be healed and whole and well in Jesus' name, and we give You all the glory, honor, and praise for it right now in the mighty name of Jesus.
Well, I just want to say thank you for joining me.
I know that was a heavy word, but that's what I got.
I feel in my heart I need to warn you.
When the Holy Spirit is warning me and showing me things coming, I'm trying to tell you there's a storm coming.
I'm trying to tell you there's a great shaking coming, and people are asleep and they don't see it coming.
Their hearts are hardened to the things of God, and God's calling you to repent and get your life right before Him.
Jesus is coming soon, and the bride is asleep.
People are not ready for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, and He's coming soon.
You need to get your heart right before Him or you're going to get left.
Jesus is coming, and I try to tell you this with all the energy that I have: you better get your heart right, you better get your life right, or you're going to get left.
Turn or burn—you're running out of time.
So put a smile on your face and a song on your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you, and we will see you next time.
You all have a blessed day.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.